try to touch your left hand to your
ankle and try to look up flat fot this
is good for those turn all of you turn
[Music]
musicana it
bre in and bring your arms
[Music]
up breath
out hold your legs under relax your
feet relax a little
squeeze and then hold on to the back of
your
thighs well you know we say that anybody
can find peace of mind at the top of a
quiet Mountain but the challenge in our
busy Urban distracted lives and no place
is more crazy and busy than Times Square
is how we can Center ourselves make our
lives a little more still and remind
ourselves of what's really important and
what to stay in touch with
[Music]
h